kaiax/reward: Update README (#779)
kaiachain/kaia: kaiax/reward/README.md

- **Fund1 (X; KIF, KFF, KGF, PoC)**: The first fund. Its address is specified in the AddressBook contract. Its name has been changed over hardforks. Current name is KIF (Kaia Infrastructure Fund).
- **Fund2 (Y; KEF, KCF, KIR)**: The second fund. Its address is specified in the AddressBook contract. Current name is KEF (Kaia Ecosystem Fund).
- **Fund3 (Z; KPF)**: The third fund. Its address is specified in the AddressBook contract. Current name is KPF (Kaia Protocol Fund).
- **Burnt (B)**: The amount burnt. Tokens are implicitly burnt during reward distribution; the transaction fees are deducted from the transaction senders but less amount are added to the reward recipients.
- **Reward ratio**: The reward distribution ratio among GC, Fund1, Fund2, and optionally Fund3 (g/x/y) or (g/x/y/z).
  - Determined by the `reward.ratio` parameter in three or four nonnegative integer percentiles sums up to 100. e.g. `34/54/12` or `40/25/25/10`.
  - If the ratio is in three parts (g/x/y), the fourth part (z) is considered as zero. This provides backward compatibility when `reward.useflexreward = false`.

>   - The fourth part is only relevant when `reward.useflexreward = true`. If the fourth part is nonzero with `reward.useflexreward = false`, the fourth portion is regarded as remainder and added to the first fund, making the ratio effectively three parts of (g/x+z/y). This is a fallback behavior when the parameters are inconsistently specified.

Reviewer: Can we simplify a bit?
```suggestion
- If the ratio is in three parts (`g/x/y`), `z` is considered `0`.
- The fourth part (`z`) is relevant only when `reward.useflexreward == true`. 
- If the fourth part (`z`) is nonzero with `reward.useflexreward == false`, the fourth portion is regarded as a remainder and added to the first fund for backward compatibility, making the ratio effectively three parts of (g/x+z/y). This is a fallback behavior when the parameters are inconsistently specified.
```

Author: Done!

![kip226_reward](./kip226_reward.png)

> - **Flex rule**: The flexible reward rule is introduced in v2.2.2 with `istanbul.policy == 2`, `reward.deferredtxfee = true` and `reward.useflexreward = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Flex rule**: The flexible reward rule is introduced in v2.2.2 when `istanbul.policy == 2`, `reward.deferredtxfee = true` and `reward.useflexreward = true`.
```

Author: See 2446a6753.

>   - MR: M is distributed according to the `reward.ratio` and `reward.kip82ratio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - MR: MR is distributed according to the `reward.ratio` and `reward.kip82ratio`.
```

Author: "M" refers to the **Minting amount (M)** in the Reward Source section.

Reviewer: Oh, okay.

    - The `reward.ratio` parameter can be either four parts (g/x/y/z) or three parts (g/x/y), in which case z is zero.
    - The fourth portion is granted to the Fund3 (KPF).

>     - The rewards allocated to stakers is further distributed by their relative staking amounts. The staker rewards are proportional to their staking amounts exceeding the `reward.stakingrewardthreshold` parameter. However, their staking amounts must still be at least the `reward.minimumstake` parameter to be eligible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The rewards allocated to stakers are further distributed according to their relative staking amounts. The staker rewards are proportional to the portion of their staking amounts that exceeds `reward.stakingrewardthreshold`. However, their staking amounts must still be at least `reward.minimumstake` to be eligible.
```

Author: See 2446a6753.
